---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

This week in OOP we really focused on references, pointers, and pass by value. For me it is a pretty easy concept to think about, but
the exact details of the processes and some of the weird edge cases still manage to trip me up. The biggest things I've been struggling
with is where references can be returned to. For example, are the if a reference is a different data type from the thing it is an alias of,
can they both access the same fields? The trick is to really understand what's going on behind the scenes, and where everything
is being stored (Especially knowing the scopes), and then just think slowly through what's going on. With these weird corner cases, often
it seems like it a very complicated situation, but from what I've experienced the answer normally stems from something not
making sense with how the language operates.

As for the project, this one was definitely less smooth than the last one. My partner and I would consistently run into random mistakes,
and the test cases we wrote were very half-hearted and were not effective at all at identifying these potential bugs.

Tip of the week: Break down your functions into parts, and unit test each one. No matter how naive the solution, this method is SO much 
easier to diagnose, improve, and modularize. Also be careful with makeshift solutions to bugs, because sometimes you will think it solves
the problem at the current time, but it will then reveal that all it did was make the wound worse by revealing other bugs and flaws with 
the logic.
