---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

OOP is all done. All in all a very productive class, and I'm very pleased with the way it turned out. I think the class focused a lot more on C++, rather
than "object oriented programming", but I don't think that's a bad thing. One of the most common complaints I've heard about this class
is that we use too many tools and have to jump through too many hoops for small scale projects. When you read that complaint, it seems
pretty legit. However when you think about it, it isn't feasible to have us do large scale projects in this class. The reason people use these tools
is to help them with projects at the order of entire company code-bases. So then, we bring the projects down in scale, but still use the tools
so we can get as close to producing industry-ready code as possible. So, in my opinion, not a very legitimate complaint at all. The actual
projects aren't too difficult, but that's not the point of the class. I enjoyed the material from the class. My only greps are with the grading. I need
a 179 from the test on Thursday to get an A. However, I was not super pleased with my test experience at all. The actual test was fine, but the answers
to the clarification questions I asked were conflicting, sometimes incorrect, or not clear. For example, I asked about a possible "edge case" in the last
question of the test. The question specified no precondition checking, and didn't have this case in the tests provided. The first person I asked said
I had to account for it, and the second told me to not worry about it when I asked 10 minutes later. Very similar things happened for the two prior questions as well. As a TA for a different class, I think it's important
that the people administering the exam must know the test thoroughly and be up to date with the class to know what's going on. It goes beyond
just grading. GPA isn't the biggest deal for us CS majors, so this isn't the end of the world at all. I also missed a fair amount of points from quizzes,
so it isn't like I couldn't have done anything else to get an A in the class; it is partially my fault. However, I do think there should be more care put into
the tests. Who knows, maybe I did get an A, we'll see.

(Tip of the week): Advice to students in the class: Go to class. Keep up with the class. Ask questions in class. This is something that applies to any class at UT,
but this one makes it very, very easy to accomplish. There is so much to gain just by showing up and trying, that it's good to foster these
skills in this class, and learn to apply them on your own in your other classes.
