---
layout: post
title: Week 2!
---

Here we go! This is my first blog post for this class. So far, the dynamic seems like one that is very different from previous cs classes that I've taken. Most of the ones I've taken were a bit smaller than the size of this class, and didn't have any attendance metrics. More importantly, all in class questions were done on a volunteer basis, so there wasn't any direct motivation to pay attention in class, except for of course learning. It's interesting, usually I would make some statement about how we are all adults and don't need attendance/randomly being called on, but I certainly don't have the best work ethic, and an environment like this will definitely make my pay significantly more attention and show up more often. 
Material: So the class is definitelya lot more technical than I'm used to. I remember on the first day we learned about import was include, and it was very simple, but I never knew it before. I'm normally not a fan of learning things like this that seem so simple to learn. However, imaginining the depth of understanding of C++ I will have at the end of the semester is attractive. Especially compared to how much I know now, which is very little. 

Tip of the week:
Now, as I've only been in the class for one week, my tips won't be super useful right now. But I think something that a lot of people will struggle with is the "pressure" when you get called on. Just relax! Dr. Downing has already shown that if you get the answer incorrect he is going to walk it through with you, and chances are someone else in the room didn't know the answer as well. Chances are also that someone else knew the answer. That's just how it goes. Focus more on your learning and understanding of the material instead of how smart you look to your peers, who if you wanted to, you could never talk to them again for the rest of your life.
