---
layout: post
title: Week 3!
---

Week 3 - "Successfully" turned in Project 1. I put the "successfully" because I, to the best of my knowledge, completed the assignment
and all the minor details associated with it. However, I'm quite sure that I made a mistake somewhere, and when I realize that I'm not 
so sure how successful it would have been. I was definitely 100% sure that my estimate for the project time(We estimate the amount of time it 
will take before starting) would be off, but I didn't think the actual number would be twice the original. A lot of the time came from lack
of familiarity with the tools we were using for test coverage, documentation etc. Hopefully in the future this overhead takes a lot
less time. It's crucial that whenever you are doing these assignments, or even anything similar to this in industry, you ask questions. This
isn't some messed up standardized test where a vaguely written question is your demise. If you don't understand something in the spec, ask! Don't
try and interpret in the way the author intended. Who knows what they intended! 
I posted a question to piazza asking about #ifdef for feature tagging, and got very quick responses from students saying to do one thing. But then
later a TA commented with different instructions. We asked for clarification, and Dr. Downing told us the way the TA commented was correct. Up to that
point I had my feature tagging done incorrectly. Always ask.

Tip of the week: Aside from asking lots of questions regarding project specs, always try to understand what you are doing. The future
specs we are gonna receive in the class, and in industry, are probably not gonna have the nice looking list of instructions he gave us(customized for whatever
project you are working on). Understanding what you are doing will let you work more quickly, because you don't have to check some
instruction/documentation every so often, and if you make a mistake it is much easier to debug it. I remember when I first used GitHub,
and made a mistake, I freaked out and it took forever to fix the problem. I'm still quite inexperienced with GitHub, but fixing
my mistakes is a lot faster than it used to be!
