---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Nothing too much to report back from this week. I got my test grade back, and did worse than I anticipated, but I can't really comment much 
on that until I get it back and I can see what I missed. I didn't do poorly or anything, just not as great as I would have liked. I do
like how extensive and clear the grading is for this class, the minute I got my grade I was able to see the breakdowns and calculate what I would
need to do to make the grade I'm aiming for. The Z-score is helpful too; it just adds a degree of clarity to the existing graph
that canvas provides for us. I've been in some classes where the grading felt really hidden from the students, and you just kind
of wait til the end to be surprised, so this is a nice change of pace.

So far the lab is going well, but I haven't put too much work into it yet. I did a similar lab early on about a year ago for OS (No PintOS :D), and so far
the knowledge seems to have transferred pretty well. Class and the quizzes have been going well recently, too. The material hasn't
been super difficult to understand, but I didn't know a lot of it beforehand (E.G. Difference between int[] and Elephant[] or using default values in functions)

Tip of the week: Just because you get a quiz question doesn't mean you understand the material! So far this hasn't bit me yet, but the other
day in class I noticed the disparity. I answered the question correctly, and for the correct reason. However when he was calling on people
to explain the answer, he brought up followup questions that I didn't know the answer to.
