---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Week 10 is done! November has started, and we move into the final month or so of this semester. And then I get to watch the new Star Wars and eat my weight
in enchiladas. This past week was more or less typical. We talked about using different kinds of backing data structures, and how to write our code to
be as usable as possible. For me, usability used to just mean simplicity, but now I'm starting to see that it's a combination of simplicity, and capability. You want other
developers to have the ability to customize their code to fit their own needs, but yet maintain easy to use APIs.

My partner and I met up today to work on Darwin. We first tried to implement Darwin, and kept running into strange errors and were having a really
tough time figuring out what were doing. After awhile we "gave up" and wrote Creature, Species, and a ton of unit tests for both instead, in a fraction
of the time it took us to write Darwin. I'm not sure if it's just us, or if Darwin is the more difficult part of this project, but I guess prolonging the
inevitable made us feel better on the inside. This lab really forces you to stop and think about how you want to go about implementation and structure. I'm worried
that we missed something in our planning phase, and are going to have to create some weird hacky workaround, but so far it seems like our design is solid.

Tip of the week: For me at least, this is always the time of the year where I lose steam. Try your best to stay motivated and focus on enjoying
the material instead of overstressing and burning out.
