---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

One last project, and one last test left in this class. These last few quizzes have not gone well for me, so I need to pick that up. Aside from that,
this final project is really cool. Conway's game of life is really fun to talk to other people about, and I have definitely spent a lot
of time with my suitemates watching videos of different simulations, and making our own online. My partner and I haven't done too much on the
project yet, so we gotta make sure we start working soon before to make sure we have enough time to finish strong. Conceptually, the project
does make sense, and Dr. Downing has talked about a couple of the pinchpoints to watch for as we are working on it.

The material mostly makes sense, I think I understand it better than I'm doing on quizzes. A lot of the stuff seems like I get the general idea
but then end up thinking the wrong thing happens (Especially with the various examples given in class of which methods to be invoked,
what you can initialize as what, etc.). With not too much time left, I need to make sure I do extremely well on the remaining quizzes. Each question
you miss on the quiz is 2 or 3 points usually, and whenever you miss it that means you have to do that much better on the test to get whatever
grade you are shooting for.

Tip of the week: Play around with concepts to make sure you solidify your understanding of them. I recently started just making classes like the
ones he showed during lecture and seeing which functions are called and seeing which ones compile.
