---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

I didn't really realize how far we've gone this semester until I realized I register in 2 days. Ridiculous. Anyways, so far this week has been pretty good. The lab went pretty smoothly.
I'm still a little worried that I missed some random test case, but having the public repo of tests definitely helped. The one bug
that took forever to fix was the stack smashing bug that happened on Travis. All my code worked just fine on the local machine, but valid() was failing
on Travis. But adding that one flag fixed everything, so woohoo! 

Class has been pretty good this past week. The material is very new to me, but isn't too far-fetched to understand. I never knew what "friend" or "explicit"
was used for, but they aren't complicated or anything. One thing I did notice, though, is that I don't think I would ever use those keywords
unless I planned to do so beforehand, or had "sketched" out the structure beforehand. Maybe if I was embarking on a very large project these
would be more relevant, I don't know. Ironically though, I saw a really funny post about C++ in the UT Computer Science Facebook group that made
a joke about how with the one arg int constructor you could do something like this:
A x = 2;
ASSERT(x==2);

but not

A x = 2;
ASSERT(2==x);

The post was titled "Don't use C++ unless you really know what you're doing".

Tip of the week: Piazza is your friend. I'm so glad that the first thing I did when I got my code to not work on Travis was post there. With a class
this big it is very likely that someone has made the same or similar mistake that you did.
