---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Thursday was the test, so we didn't have class on Friday, which was pretty nice (No Friday class!). The test felt pretty good, I liked how
it didn't focus too much on small intricacies, but had enough emphasis to make sure you had to study to do well. I have a bad feeling
I made some silly typos, but I'll have to wait to get the grades back. 
Speaking of grades, I'm curious as to what the process is for grading, and why they scan the tests. Is it just to preserve an electronic copy,
to prevent students from cheating (Changing the answer after getting the test back), or maybe it's easier to grade online? OR, are they
running some super sophisticated OCR software to grade it? Who knows, but probably the former. I TA for a CS for non majors course (CS 303E),
and grading tests really sucks, so if somehow Dr. Downing and the TAs have made the process less painful, I'll have to steal some
tips from them.
My rank didn't really move since the first time we got them, but I think the tests will really shuffle everything. I've been doing
much better on quizzes, but I missed one for an interview, so my net quiz score is about the same. I got a couple of points docked on the assignment
because I didn't have enough unit tests (oops!), but the bonus points made that less evident. I'm all done with interviews, so I shouldn't
have any reason to miss quizzes or lose time on the assignmentx.

Tip of the week: Write code when you are studying. It is something I never do because I don't think I need it, but then I always forget
some small thing on the test. And what's even worse, is that I sit there currsing my previous self for not writing it out because I believe
that doing that would have made me remember it. Would it? I don't know, but I'd find something else to be upset at my past self about.
