---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

This week was mainly about catching up, given that I missed both non-company days last week. The iterators took a little bit to get intuitively,
and I'm sure there are still gaps left in what I need to know. http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/iterator/ has been a very useful resource; in
particular I really like the visual as it makes it very easy to understand which iterators have which operators. For that, I just need to
practice knowing when to use what iterators, and it should be good. 
The other things that kind of snuck up on me were lamdas and templates. Lambdas itself were easy to pick up on, but I didn't quite understand
the point of putting them into variables, but now I'm starting to see how it helps with formatting, and with passing in functions
as arguments (all_of, accumulate, etc.). Templates were kind of the same way for me. I kept asking, but isn't it better if we know for sure
that it's an integer? Why make it some arbitrary type? Then I realized that this is comparable to generics in Java. The ability to make
your function work with a variety of types, that happen to implement the functionality needed for your method, is very attractive, especially
when your function has several use cases. Imagine if data structures were implemented on a per-type basis. :(

Tip of the week: Study outside of class! It's harder than it looks. I tried reading the code from the syllabus from the days I missed,
and it is SO much easier to follow with Dr. Downing explaining it. You just have to power through it, and google literally everything. Also
I find most online documentation a little difficult to understand. I wish they had more examples, as I learn best from that, but that's
a different complaint.
