---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

I'll first talk about what's going on in the class materialwise. We've mainly been talking about construction and destruction. We went through
the 4 methods you get for free (Default constructor, copy constructor, assignment operator, and destructor), and when they work for free,
and when you really need to write your own.
There are a lot of weird edge cases (especially with private variables), but it's starting to make more intuitive sense. I think the weirdest one
so far has been learning about private, public, and protected. I think the parents analogy made sense in my head, but I'm worried
I still won't be able to figure out who is trying to find out the parent-child information. Aside from that, static vs. dynamic binding made sense, but hopefully
doesn't get any more confusing than it is right now.

This project probably went by the smoothest out of any of the previous ones. My partner and I were very good about catching errors, and writing tests
as we went along to catch anything else we did. Thus by the time we got to running RunDarwin, we only had 1-2 bugs left to fix, and they were easy to find.
The one hard part was writing enough tests to average 3. We ended up writing almost clost to 100 tests. I think the most relieving part is not receiving
the incorrect submission email. That's just the worst.

Tip of the week: Take your time on the quizzes. I made the mistake of rushing on the quiz on Wednesday, and ended up getting lots of random mistakes. If you take your time
and think through the answer, you'll be fine.
