---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Final project is done! It went pretty smoothly, except for the memory freeing, which took a bit because my partner and I kept overthinking
the problem. At one point we had a copy constructor working, and realized we needed an assignment operator. For some reason we commented out 
the copy constructor and wrote the assignment oeprator, even though we needed both. We came back to it half an hour later, uncommented it out,
and all the memory leaks were gone. Except 16 bytes. Those were from a test we wrote that would take us another half hour to find. But everything
else went pretty smoothly. We had some issues getting template stuff to compile, so we ended up just leaving the entire Life class implementation in our
Life.h file. Maybe not the ideal solution, but we were frustrated enough to accept that as a working solution. I think Darwin's similarity to this
project helped a lot in terms of how to think about pushing information down. The quizzes have still been a little rocky, but I think that's indicative
of the whole class. At least that's what I've been seeing when we go over the results afterwards.

Tip of the week: With all the projects over, enjoy your well-deserved break! We have one test left, so make sure to use your time wisely when studying for it. This
is the time of the year when it's easy to give up and accept the consequences, but I'm sure that the version of you two months from now
wishes you studied harder for that final to get that grade you wanted/deserved.
